pages/services/static-site.mdx, before:

---
layout: 'ServiceLayout'
development: true
---

Deploy a new website based on your Roam Graph!

#### Motivation

Roam is a powerful CMS (content management system), not just for personal knowledge management but for public information as well. There are a couple of problems though with using Roam itself as the public-facing display of that information:
- Initial load time is brutally slow
- Most of the data is rendered client side, so it performs poorly on search engines
- The user interface is foreign to most consumers of the public information, particularly if they've never seen Roam.

This RoamJS Service allows you to continue using a Roam graph with all of its wonderful networking features as the CMS of your own public website. Launching a RoamJS static site will download the content of your Roam graph and manage a website for you based on your unique website configuration.

#### Setup

Make sure you have a RoamJS account by [signing up here](/user).

On your Roam graph, you will need to give the `support@roamjs.com` account **read-only access** to your graph. RoamJS promises to not use this data outside of the purposes of deploying the configured content to your public website.

To grant access, first click the `...` menu on the top right of your graph:

![](/images/static-site-share.png)

Then, when this modal appears, add `support@roamjs.com` to the **Readers** text box on the right:

![](/images/static-site-permission.png)

Then, click enter. You will then see the email added to the list below the text box:

![](/images/static-site-granted.png)

Next, set up the configuration page with the name `roam/js/static-site`. By default, the Service will query your **full Roam graph** to generate the public website. To view the filtering capabilities, see the Configuration section below.

Once the page is configured, head to your [user page](https://roamjs.com/user). Click on the `Static Site` tab on the left, then click the `Launch` button:

![](/images/static-site-launch.png)

Fill out the name of the Roam graph that will generate the public site and the domain that the site will be hosted under. 

![](/images/static-site-demo.png)

RoamJS will register the domain and start setting up the resources necessary to host the site. The process takes about half hour.

#### Configuration

Specify global site configuration by adding settings to the `roam/js/static-site` on your graph. Configure a setting by entering the setting name in a block and the setting value as a child of that block. Visit [this page](https://roamresearch.com/#/app/roam-depot-developers/page/zFYoBQz0n) to see an example that has all of the default settings filled in.

These are the settings supported:

- Index - The page name that will serve as the entry point of the site. Could be raw text or a page link.
- Filter - A set of rules that specifies which pages to build. If a page matches any child rule, it will be built into the site. The following rules are supported:
  - Starts With - If a page starts with the given text, it will be included in the site. Useful for namespacing, e.g. `Article/Article`.
  - Tagged With - If a page contains a tag with the given text, it will be included in the site. Includes pages with any form of tags or attributes. Could be raw text or a page link.
- Template - An HTML Code block that will be used as the template for every generated HTML file.
  - It supports a few variables that can be interpolated:
    - `PAGE_NAME` - The name of the page
    - `PAGE_CONTENT` - The content of the page
    - `REFERENCES` - An array of pages that reference the current page
- Reference Template - An HTML Code block that will be used as the template for every page reference. The REFERENCES variable interpolates to all references each rendered as one instance of the template
  - It supports a few variables that can be interpolated:
    - `REFERENCE` - The name of the page referencing the current page
    - `LINK` - The url of the page in your site

#### Per Page Configuration

You could ignore specific blocks in pages that are included. Nest everything that you would like to keep on the page but have filtered out of the static site under a block that says `[[roam/js/static-site/ignore]]`.

You could override any roam page's default title with the `roam/js/static-site/title::` attribute. The value set to the right of this attribute will be used in place of the `PAGE_NAME` variable during template interpolation.

You could add anything to a page's head with the `roam/js/static-site/head::` attribute. The HTML code block defined as a **child** of this block will be injected into this page's head. 

![](/images/static-site-page-config.png)

Note, that while you'll usually want to have these attributes nested within the ignore block, though it's not a strict requirement.

#### Self-Hosted

If you prefer to host the site instead of RoamJS hosting it for you, you could use the GitHub action found [here](https://github.com/dvargas92495/generate-roam-site-action).

Commit message:

Include example from roamjsdemo.com

pages/services/static-site.mdx, after:

---
layout: "ServiceLayout"
development: true
---

import CopyStaticSiteConfig from "../../components/CopyStaticSiteConfig";

Deploy a new website based on your Roam Graph!

#### Motivation

Roam is a powerful CMS (content management system), not just for personal knowledge management but for public information as well. There are a couple of problems though with using Roam itself as the public-facing display of that information:

- Initial load time is brutally slow
- Most of the data is rendered client side, so it performs poorly on search engines
- The user interface is foreign to most consumers of the public information, particularly if they've never seen Roam.

This RoamJS Service allows you to continue using a Roam graph with all of its wonderful networking features as the CMS of your own public website. Launching a RoamJS static site will download the content of your Roam graph and manage a website for you based on your unique website configuration.

#### Setup

Make sure you have a RoamJS account by [signing up here](/user).

On your Roam graph, you will need to give the `support@roamjs.com` account **read-only access** to your graph. RoamJS promises to not use this data outside of the purposes of deploying the configured content to your public website.

To grant access, first click the `...` menu on the top right of your graph:

![](/images/static-site-share.png)

Then, when this modal appears, add `support@roamjs.com` to the **Readers** text box on the right:

![](/images/static-site-permission.png)

Then, click enter. You will then see the email added to the list below the text box:

![](/images/static-site-granted.png)

Next, set up the configuration page with the name `roam/js/static-site`. By default, the Service will query your **full Roam graph** to generate the public website. To view the filtering capabilities, see the Configuration section below.

Once the page is configured, head to your [user page](https://roamjs.com/user). Click on the `Static Site` tab on the left, then click the `Launch` button:

![](/images/static-site-launch.png)

Fill out the name of the Roam graph that will generate the public site and the domain that the site will be hosted under.

![](/images/static-site-demo.png)

RoamJS will register the domain and start setting up the resources necessary to host the site. The process takes about half hour.

#### Configuration

Specify global site configuration by adding settings to the `roam/js/static-site` on your graph. Configure a setting by entering the setting name in a block and the setting value as a child of that block.

These are the settings supported:

- Index - The page name that will serve as the entry point of the site. Could be raw text or a page link.
- Filter - A set of rules that specifies which pages to build. If a page matches any child rule, it will be built into the site. The following rules are supported:
  - Starts With - If a page starts with the given text, it will be included in the site. Useful for namespacing, e.g. `Article/Article`.
  - Tagged With - If a page contains a tag with the given text, it will be included in the site. Includes pages with any form of tags or attributes. Could be raw text or a page link.
- Template - An HTML Code block that will be used as the template for every generated HTML file.
  - It supports a few variables that can be interpolated:
    - `PAGE_NAME` - The name of the page
    - `PAGE_CONTENT` - The content of the page
    - `REFERENCES` - An array of pages that reference the current page
- Reference Template - An HTML Code block that will be used as the template for every page reference. The REFERENCES variable interpolates to all references each rendered as one instance of the template
  - It supports a few variables that can be interpolated:
    - `REFERENCE` - The name of the page referencing the current page
    - `LINK` - The url of the page in your site

To help get started, you can copy the configuration that generated https://roamjsdemo.com from my graph by clicking the button below.

<CopyStaticSiteConfig />

#### Per Page Configuration

You could ignore specific blocks in pages that are included. Nest everything that you would like to keep on the page but have filtered out of the static site under a block that says `[[roam/js/static-site/ignore]]`.

You could override any roam page's default title with the `roam/js/static-site/title::` attribute. The value set to the right of this attribute will be used in place of the `PAGE_NAME` variable during template interpolation.

You could add anything to a page's head with the `roam/js/static-site/head::` attribute. The HTML code block defined as a **child** of this block will be injected into this page's head.

![](/images/static-site-page-config.png)

Note, that while you'll usually want to have these attributes nested within the ignore block, though it's not a strict requirement.

#### Self-Hosted

If you prefer to host the site instead of RoamJS hosting it for you, you could use the GitHub action found [here](https://github.com/dvargas92495/generate-roam-site-action).
