pages/docs/extensions/attr-tables.mdx, before:

---
layout: 'ExtensionPageLayout'
description: 'The Attr Tables extensions adds various features to attribute tables.'
---

The script supports the following configuration attributes, to be added in the `[[roam/js/attr-tables]]` page:

- `Max Sorts` - (Optional) The maximum number of sorts that any table should support. When the max gets hit, the new sort column replaces the sort column of lowest priority.

Whenever you create an Attribute Table, there will be a new sort icon next to each of the column headers. Clicking the sort icon will toggle between three states: Neutral, Ascending, and Descending.

The table will then be sorted based on the columns you clicked on. A marker next to each column will appear to show the sort priority.

Because attribute tables are view only, navigating away from the page will wipe out any previous sort you had applied. To solve this, you could add a `Default Sort` attribute as a child. The value should be a comma delimited list of each column with the type of sort you want sorted. For example, if I wanted a table sorted first by "foo" column ascending, followed by "bar" column descending, I would use the following default sort value:

Default Sort:: foo=Asc, bar=Des

The `Max Sorts` DB level configuration could also be applied at a table level, by adding the attribute as a child of the table.

### Filtering

[Shawn Murphy](https://twitter.com/shawnpmurphy8) has also built a attribute table filter extension on top of this one. You could find it [here](https://gist.github.com/GitMurf/aece9f105628640cb79925d1310449ec)!

Commit message:

Filter attr table columns (Closes #434) (#443)
* Filter attr table columns (Closes #434)

* Docs and Edit container

* Change edit render

* Wrong div

* Edit button ready to merge

pages/docs/extensions/attr-tables.mdx, after:

---
layout: 'ExtensionPageLayout'
description: 'The Attr Tables extensions adds various features to attribute tables.'
---

The script supports the following configuration attributes, to be added in the `[[roam/js/attr-tables]]` page:

- `Max Sorts` - (Optional) The maximum number of sorts that any table should support. When the max gets hit, the new sort column replaces the sort column of lowest priority.

Whenever you create an Attribute Table, there will be a new sort icon next to each of the column headers. Clicking the sort icon will toggle between three states: Neutral, Ascending, and Descending.

The table will then be sorted based on the columns you clicked on. A marker next to each column will appear to show the sort priority.

Because attribute tables are view only, navigating away from the page will wipe out any previous sort you had applied. To solve this, you could add a `Default Sort` attribute as a child. The value should be a comma delimited list of each column with the type of sort you want sorted. For example, if I wanted a table sorted first by "foo" column ascending, followed by "bar" column descending, I would use the following default sort value:

Default Sort:: foo=Asc, bar=Des

The `Max Sorts` DB level configuration could also be applied at a table level, by adding the attribute as a child of the table.

### Filtering

To filter columns, each table supports an `Include Columns` configuration. As a child of the table, adding `Include Columns` will filter table down to the columns specified in the comma delimited list, in the order specified. For example,

Include Columns:: ---, attr-4, attr-2

Would filter an attr table down to include just the title column first, followed by the column headed by "attr-4", followed by the column headed by "attr-2".

To filter rows, [Shawn Murphy](https://twitter.com/shawnpmurphy8) has built a attribute table filter extension on top of this one. You could find it [here](https://gist.github.com/GitMurf/aece9f105628640cb79925d1310449ec)!
