pages/docs/extensions/charts.mdx, before:

---
layout: "ExtensionPageLayout"
description: "The Charts extension allows users to render excel-esque charts in Roam!"
---

import AddStyle from '../../../components/AddStyle';
import { DemoCharts, styleContent } from "../../../src/components/Charts";

The script is not configurable.

There are two types of charts supported:
- Create a {{line}} or {{line chart}} button to render a line graph.
- Create a {{bar}} or {{bar chart}} button to render a bar graph. 

You will need to nest labels and data as children of the rendered chart. You should have one label per line, and data should be nested under the label. The data should be two numbers separated by a comma. Here's an example:

![](/images/charts.png)

You could specify multiple y values for each x value. Simply delimit with a comma the additional y values on each block. 

You could use the dropdowns on the right to define what type of axis the charts use. The supported types are:
- linear - numerical values
- ordinal - text values

You could save the types that the axis use by setting the follwing attributes as children of the chart:
- **X-Axis::** - Define the type of the x axis
- **Y-Axis::** - Define the type of the y axis

Here's an example:

![](/images/charts-axis.png)

### Playground

In the playground below, the chart will update dynamically based on the inputs. Each text input will be the data label, and each text area will be the data values. Deliminate each value with a new line to resemble new blocks in Roam.

<AddStyle styleContent={styleContent} />
<DemoCharts />

Commit message:

Charts support Date Format (#337)
* Charts support Date Format

* Docs and bug

pages/docs/extensions/charts.mdx, after:

---
layout: "ExtensionPageLayout"
description: "The Charts extension allows users to render excel-esque charts in Roam!"
---

import AddStyle from '../../../components/AddStyle';
import { DemoCharts, styleContent } from "../../../src/components/Charts";

The script is not configurable.

There are two types of charts supported:
- Create a {{line}} or {{line chart}} button to render a line graph.
- Create a {{bar}} or {{bar chart}} button to render a bar graph. 

You will need to nest labels and data as children of the rendered chart. You should have one label per line, and data should be nested under the label. The data should be two numbers separated by a comma. Here's an example:

![](/images/charts.png)

You could specify multiple y values for each x value. Simply delimit with a comma the additional y values on each block. 

You could use the dropdowns on the right to define what type of axis the charts use. The supported types are:
- linear - numerical values
- ordinal - text values
- time - date values (defauly MM/dd/yyyy format)

You could save the types that the axis use by setting the follwing attributes as children of the chart:
- **X-Axis::** - Define the type of the x axis
- **Y-Axis::** - Define the type of the y axis
- **Date Format::** - Define the date format to use, based on [these specification](https://date-fns.org/v2.16.1/docs/parse).

Here's an example:

![](/images/charts-axis.png)

### Playground

In the playground below, the chart will update dynamically based on the inputs. Each text input will be the data label, and each text area will be the data values. Deliminate each value with a new line to resemble new blocks in Roam.

<AddStyle styleContent={styleContent} />
<DemoCharts />
