pages/docs/extensions/google-calendar.mdx, before:

---
layout: 'ExtensionPageLayout'
description: 'The Google Calendar to Roam Integration allows users to import the list of events on a given day into their daily notes page.'
contributors: Eric Anderson 💵, Joe Ocampo 💵, George Corple 💵, Marco Brambilla 💵💻, David Schulman 💵
loom: 47aded52527343929e6be51cbee85052
---

A `[[roam/js/google-calendar]]` page will be created upon installing the extension for the first time and will serve as a configuration page. 

### Home

On the `home` tab, you will find the `oauth` field. Use this panel to log into your google account within Roam. If you don't want to connect your Google account, you will only be able to access **public** calendars.

### Import

On the `import` tab, you will find numerous fields used to configure the calendar import feature.

`Calendars` specify which calendars you would like Roam to read before importing. If you specify more than one, it will read from all of those calendars. You must use the calendar ID provided by Google which you could find in the calendar settings. This will usually be your gmail address, such as `dvargas92495@gmail.com`.

`Include Event Link` hyperlinks the event summary with a link to the google calendar event. This field is ignored if you specify a `Format`.

`Skip Free` filters out the events from your calendar that you've set to 'Free'

`Format` specifies the text to add for each calendar event. Could use the following placeholders to be replaced with the event's data:
- `{summary}` - the name of the event 
- `{link}` - the link for the event
- `{hangout}` - the hangout link for the event
- `{location}` - the location for the event
- `{start}` - the start time of the event. Add a colon and format to customize the start time format. For example, `{start:hh:mm}` will resolve to `12:00`
- `{end}` - the end time of the event. Add a colon and format to customize the end time format. For example, `{end:hh:mm}` will resolve to `12:00`
- `{attendees}` - the attendees of the event, using either their display name if available or email if not, each of whom are tagged and comma delimited.
By default, `Format` will be `{summary} ({start:hh:mm am} - {end:hh:mm a}) - [Meet]({hangout})`

In any page, activate the Roam Command Palette by hitting CTRL+P on windows or CMD+P on Mac, then click the `Import Google Calendar` command. The extension will fill the page with the events you have for that day. It will be displayed in the timezone of your browser. It will use either the page's title if it's a daily note, or the current date if it's not.

This extension is also integrated with [Smart Blocks](https://roamresearch.com/#/app/roamhacker/page/GH0401tnt)! If you have both this extension and Roam42 installed, there will be a `<%GOOGLECALENDAR%>` command available. The command will automatically run the import google calendar logic and paste the events in blocks before continuing with the rest of the workflow.

Commit message:

Origin/gcal improve meeting links (#718)
* Improve custom formats - link to event, confLink

* Expanded docs to include {confLink}, fixed example

* Added sample custom format

* Remove extra dash from sample format - {conflink} contains it already

* Concat meet & zoom links - in case entry has both

* Update pages/docs/extensions/google-calendar.mdx

Co-authored-by: David Vargas <dvargas92495@gmail.com>

* Add Monty Kosma to contributors

Co-authored-by: David Vargas <dvargas92495@gmail.com>

pages/docs/extensions/google-calendar.mdx, after:

---
layout: 'ExtensionPageLayout'
description: 'The Google Calendar to Roam Integration allows users to import the list of events on a given day into their daily notes page.'
contributors: Eric Anderson 💵, Joe Ocampo 💵, George Corple 💵, Marco Brambilla 💵, David Schulman 💵, Monty Kosma 💻
loom: 47aded52527343929e6be51cbee85052
---

A `[[roam/js/google-calendar]]` page will be created upon installing the extension for the first time and will serve as a configuration page. 

### Home

On the `home` tab, you will find the `oauth` field. Use this panel to log into your google account within Roam. If you don't want to connect your Google account, you will only be able to access **public** calendars.

### Import

On the `import` tab, you will find numerous fields used to configure the calendar import feature.

`Calendars` specify which calendars you would like Roam to read before importing. If you specify more than one, it will read from all of those calendars. You must use the calendar ID provided by Google which you could find in the calendar settings. This will usually be your gmail address, such as `dvargas92495@gmail.com`.

`Include Event Link` hyperlinks the event summary with a link to the google calendar event. This field also now applies if you specify a `Format`.

`Skip Free` filters out the events from your calendar that you've set to 'Free'

`Format` specifies the text to add for each calendar event. Could use the following placeholders to be replaced with the event's data:
- `{summary}` - the name of the event 
- `{link}` - the link for the event
- `{hangout}` - the hangout link for the event
- `{confLink}` - a conference link for the event (labeled 'Meet' or 'Zoom' as appropriate)
- `{location}` - the location for the event
- `{start}` - the start time of the event. Add a colon and format to customize the start time format. For example, `{start:hh:mm}` will resolve to `12:00`
- `{end}` - the end time of the event. Add a colon and format to customize the end time format. For example, `{end:hh:mmaaaaa}` will resolve to `12:00p`
- `{attendees}` - the attendees of the event, using either their display name if available or email if not, each of whom are tagged and comma delimited.

By default, `Format` will be `{summary} ({start:hh:mm a} - {end:hh:mm a}) - [Meet|Zoom]{link}`
Sample custom format: `{{[[TODO]]}} {start:hh:mmaaaaa} - {end:hh:mmaaaaa} - {summary}{confLink}`

See the [date-fns library](https://date-fns.org/v2.22.1/docs/format) for more details on time formats.

In any page, activate the Roam Command Palette by hitting CTRL+P on windows or CMD+P on Mac, then click the `Import Google Calendar` command. The extension will fill the page with the events you have for that day. It will be displayed in the timezone of your browser. It will use either the page's title if it's a daily note, or the current date if it's not.

This extension is also integrated with [Smart Blocks](https://roamresearch.com/#/app/roamhacker/page/GH0401tnt)! If you have both this extension and Roam42 installed, there will be a `<%GOOGLECALENDAR%>` command available. The command will automatically run the import google calendar logic and paste the events in blocks before continuing with the rest of the workflow.
