pages/docs/extensions/mouseless.mdx, before:

---
layout: "ExtensionPageLayout"
description: "The Mouseless Roam extension aims to create a fully keyboard accessible experience in Roam!"
---

import MouselessDialog from "../../../src/components/MouselessDialog";

The script is not configurable.

The biggest hurdle to transitioning to a mouseless experience in any application is remembering what keyboard shortcut maps to what. This extension adds a "master" keyboard short cut in **CTRL+?** on both Windows and Mac. Once triggered, a help modal will appear where you could start typing your desired action to discover or remind yourself of what the key mapping is. Hit **ESC** to exit the modal back to the previously focused location.

The extension also adds the following shortcuts that were previously unsupported:
- `Ctrl-Shift-S` - Add Shortcut To Page
- `Ctrl-Shift-C` - Copy Current Block Ref
- `Alt-v` - Toggle Parent Block View Type

The dialog also allows triggering these actions directly by navigating with the arrow keys and hitting enter.

More shortcuts will be added over time as I find moments where I use my mouse.

There will undoubtedly be commands that the dialog will be missing, especially as time goes on. Feel free to ping me if so!

### Playground

<MouselessDialog />

Hit **CTRL+SHIFT+?** to render the Mouseless Help Dialog!

Commit message:

Mouseless could paste block with children as references

pages/docs/extensions/mouseless.mdx, after:

---
layout: "ExtensionPageLayout"
description: "The Mouseless Roam extension aims to create a fully keyboard accessible experience in Roam!"
---

import MouselessDialog from "../../../src/components/MouselessDialog";

The script is not configurable.

The biggest hurdle to transitioning to a mouseless experience in any application is remembering what keyboard shortcut maps to what. This extension adds a "master" keyboard short cut in **CTRL+?** on both Windows and Mac. Once triggered, a help modal will appear where you could start typing your desired action to discover or remind yourself of what the key mapping is. Hit **ESC** to exit the modal back to the previously focused location.

The extension also adds the following shortcuts that were previously unsupported:
- `Ctrl-Shift-S` - Add Shortcut To Page
- `Ctrl-Shift-C` - Copy Current Block Ref
- `Ctrl-Shift-V` - Paste Block with children as references
- `Alt-v` - Toggle Parent Block View Type

The dialog also allows triggering these actions directly by navigating with the arrow keys and hitting enter.

More shortcuts will be added over time as I find moments where I use my mouse.

There will undoubtedly be commands that the dialog will be missing, especially as time goes on. Feel free to ping me if so!

### Playground

<MouselessDialog />

Hit **CTRL+SHIFT+?** to render the Mouseless Help Dialog!
