pages/docs/extensions/query-tools.mdx, before:

---
layout: "ExtensionPageLayout"
description: "The Query Tools extension adds various tools on top of traditional Roam queries to make them more powerful"
---

import DemoVideo from "../../../components/DemoVideo";

The script supports the following configuration attributes, to be added in the `[[roam/js/query-tools]]` page:

- `Sort Blocks` - (Optional) If set to 'True', sort the query results by blocks instead of pages.
- `Context` - (Optional) The default value for Context for all queries. See below.

On expanded queries, there will be a sort icon that appears next to the results text. Clicking on the sort icon will make a sort menu visible to the user with the following options:

- Sort By Page Title - This will sort all the query results in ascending alphabetical order of the page title.
- Sort By Page Title Descending - This will sort all the query results in descending alphabetical order of the page title.
- Sort By Word Count - This will sort all the query results in ascending order of the word count.
- Sort By Word Count Descending - This will sort all the query results in descending alphabetical order of the word count.
- Sort By Created Date - This will sort all the query results in ascending order that the page was created.
- Sort By Created Date Descending - This will sort all the query results in descending order that the page was created.
- Sort By Edited Date - This will sort all the query results in ascending order that the page was last edited.
- Sort By Edited Date Descending - This will sort all the query results in descending order that the page was last edited.
- Sort By Daily Note - This will sort all the query results in ascending order by Daily Note, followed by created date of non-daily note pages.
- Sort By Daily Note Descending - This will sort all the query results in descending order by Daily Note, followed by created date of non-daily note pages.

To persist a particular sort on a query, create a child block with the `Default Sort` attribute. Valid values include each of the options above, minus the sort by prefix. For example, `Default Sort:: Page Title`.

To configure sorting by blocks on a single query instead of on all queries in your DB, add the `Sort Blocks` attribute as a child to the specific query.

### Randomization

Sometimes we have queries with hundreds of results and want to return a random element from that query. Returning random results from multiple queries could lead to serendipitous connections. To return a random result from a query, add the`Random` attribute as a child block of the query. Set the value to the number of random results you'd like returned from the query. For example, to return three random results from a query, add the following block as a child to the query:

```
Random:: 3
```

<DemoVideo src="query-random" />

### Context

By default, query results only display the most nested block in the result. To display more context in a given query, add the `Context` attribute as a child block of the query. Set the value to the number of levels you'd like displayed, or `Top` to display full context. For Example, to always show two more levels of context to each query result, add the following block as a child to the query:

```
Context:: 2
```

### Aliases

By default, query results display the query logic itself for the label. To display an alias for the given query, add the `Alias` attribute as a child block of the query. Set the value however you want to label the query, like this:

```
Alias:: Find Projects In Progress
```

Commit message:

Begin to deprecate query tools

pages/docs/extensions/query-tools.mdx, after:

---
layout: "ExtensionPageLayout"
description: "The Query Tools extension adds various tools on top of traditional Roam queries to make them more powerful"
---

## THIS EXTENSION IS DEPRECATED

Functionality will be moving over to the [RoamJS Query Builder](https://roamjs.com/extensions/query-builder) extension.

---

import DemoVideo from "../../../components/DemoVideo";

The script supports the following configuration attributes, to be added in the `[[roam/js/query-tools]]` page:

- `Sort Blocks` - (Optional) If set to 'True', sort the query results by blocks instead of pages.
- `Context` - (Optional) The default value for Context for all queries. See below.

On expanded queries, there will be a sort icon that appears next to the results text. Clicking on the sort icon will make a sort menu visible to the user with the following options:

- Sort By Page Title - This will sort all the query results in ascending alphabetical order of the page title.
- Sort By Page Title Descending - This will sort all the query results in descending alphabetical order of the page title.
- Sort By Word Count - This will sort all the query results in ascending order of the word count.
- Sort By Word Count Descending - This will sort all the query results in descending alphabetical order of the word count.
- Sort By Created Date - This will sort all the query results in ascending order that the page was created.
- Sort By Created Date Descending - This will sort all the query results in descending order that the page was created.
- Sort By Edited Date - This will sort all the query results in ascending order that the page was last edited.
- Sort By Edited Date Descending - This will sort all the query results in descending order that the page was last edited.
- Sort By Daily Note - This will sort all the query results in ascending order by Daily Note, followed by created date of non-daily note pages.
- Sort By Daily Note Descending - This will sort all the query results in descending order by Daily Note, followed by created date of non-daily note pages.

To persist a particular sort on a query, create a child block with the `Default Sort` attribute. Valid values include each of the options above, minus the sort by prefix. For example, `Default Sort:: Page Title`.

To configure sorting by blocks on a single query instead of on all queries in your DB, add the `Sort Blocks` attribute as a child to the specific query.

### Randomization

Sometimes we have queries with hundreds of results and want to return a random element from that query. Returning random results from multiple queries could lead to serendipitous connections. To return a random result from a query, add the`Random` attribute as a child block of the query. Set the value to the number of random results you'd like returned from the query. For example, to return three random results from a query, add the following block as a child to the query:

```
Random:: 3
```

<DemoVideo src="query-random" />

### Context

By default, query results only display the most nested block in the result. To display more context in a given query, add the `Context` attribute as a child block of the query. Set the value to the number of levels you'd like displayed, or `Top` to display full context. For Example, to always show two more levels of context to each query result, add the following block as a child to the query:

```
Context:: 2
```

### Aliases

By default, query results display the query logic itself for the label. To display an alias for the given query, add the `Alias` attribute as a child block of the query. Set the value however you want to label the query, like this:

```
Alias:: Find Projects In Progress
```
