pages/docs/extensions/serendipity.mdx, before:

---
layout: "ExtensionPageLayout"
description: "Various methods of introducing randomness into your Roam Graph!"
loom: a4a549e85a2b4ed3819b536f450b62b7
contributors: Bardia Pourvakil 💵📓, Isabela Granic 📓🤔
---

Installing the Serendipity extension will create a `[[roam/js/serendipity]]` page if one does not exist already. On that page, you could configure various Serendipity related features.

#### Daily

The Daily feature will add random block references from your graph on to your daily notes page each day each timeyou log in to Roam. It supports the following settings:

- `includes` - The set of tags used to mark block references to pull randomly from. All blocks marked with one of these tags, or is a child of a block marked with one of these tags will be included. Can specify more than one. Default is empty. If one of the nested blocks is `{all}`, then all block uids from the graph will be included. 

- `excludes` - The set of tags used to mark block references to exclude from the set to pull randomly from. All blocks marked with one of these tags, or is a child of a block marked with one of these tags will be excluded. Can specify more than one.

- `label` - The label that gets added to your daily note page that's used to nest the randomly chosen block reference. Default value is `[[roam/js/serendipity]]`.

- `timeout` - The number of days that must pass before a block reference can be included in the randomness pool. Default value is 0.

- `count` - The number of block references to randomly pull from. Default value is 3.

- `character minimum` - Blocks must have at least this many characters to be considered for random selection. Default value is 0.

- `word minimum` - Block must have at least this many words to be considered for random selection.

- `location` - The location on your Daily Note Page where the serendipity blocks will be created. By default, it inserts at the top.

You could manually trigger the daily random block reference query by adding a `{{serendipity}}` block on a given daily note page and clicking the button.

Each time a set of block references are randomly added to a daily note page, an arrow icon will appear to the right of the label. Clicking this icon will open all nested block references in the right sidebar. **Warning: this could have poor performance if clicked with a lot of nested blocks.**

Commit message:

serendipity manually from command palette

pages/docs/extensions/serendipity.mdx, after:

---
layout: "ExtensionPageLayout"
description: "Various methods of introducing randomness into your Roam Graph!"
loom: a4a549e85a2b4ed3819b536f450b62b7
contributors: Bardia Pourvakil 💵📓, Isabela Granic 📓🤔
---

Installing the Serendipity extension will create a `[[roam/js/serendipity]]` page if one does not exist already. On that page, you could configure various Serendipity related features.

#### Daily

The Daily feature will add random block references from your graph on to your daily notes page each day each timeyou log in to Roam. It supports the following settings:

- `includes` - The set of tags used to mark block references to pull randomly from. All blocks marked with one of these tags, or is a child of a block marked with one of these tags will be included. Can specify more than one. Default is empty. If one of the nested blocks is `{all}`, then all block uids from the graph will be included. 

- `excludes` - The set of tags used to mark block references to exclude from the set to pull randomly from. All blocks marked with one of these tags, or is a child of a block marked with one of these tags will be excluded. Can specify more than one.

- `label` - The label that gets added to your daily note page that's used to nest the randomly chosen block reference. Default value is `[[roam/js/serendipity]]`.

- `timeout` - The number of days that must pass before a block reference can be included in the randomness pool. Default value is 0.

- `count` - The number of block references to randomly pull from. Default value is 3.

- `character minimum` - Blocks must have at least this many characters to be considered for random selection. Default value is 0.

- `word minimum` - Block must have at least this many words to be considered for random selection.

- `location` - The location on your Daily Note Page where the serendipity blocks will be created. By default, it inserts at the top.

You could manually trigger the daily random block reference query by adding a `{{serendipity}}` block on a given daily note page and clicking the button. There is also a `Run Serendipity` command available from the command palette.

Each time a set of block references are randomly added to a daily note page, an arrow icon will appear to the right of the label. Clicking this icon will open all nested block references in the right sidebar. **Warning: this could have poor performance if clicked with a lot of nested blocks.**
