pages/docs/extensions/sidebar.mdx, before:

---
layout: "ExtensionPageLayout"
description: "Various enhancements to the Roam native sidebar!"
loom: 1466fc5a977347929da556e2f956e4e8
contributors: Jon Surrat 💵, Owen Cyrulnik 💵
---

The RoamJS sidebar extension introduces a bunch of features to the native right sidebar.

### Expand/Collapse All

An icon will be rendered on the top left of the sidebar. Toggling it on and off will expand and collapse all of the windows in the right sidebar.

### Save Sidebar

The second icon on the top left of the sidebar will allow you to save the current sidebar configuration. Give the configuration an easy to remember label for later. To load a saved sidebar, open the Roam Command Palette and click "Load Saved Sidebar". Pick the sidebar you want to load based on label and it will appear on the right sidebar! You also have the option to save your current page state which includes the name of the page and the currently focused block.

### Autofocus

Whenever you open the right sidebar, your cursor will autofocus on the first block. This behavior is toggleable from the `roam/js/sidebar` page.

### Pinned open

If your sidebar was open during your last Roam session, it will automatically open on load/reload.

### Saved Filters

Roam natively supports includes/removes filters on pages. Those filters are not saved however when you add the page to the sidebar. Opening a page in the sidebar will persist the filters from the page.

Commit message:

delete saved sidebars, filter embeds tweak, and weekly sidebar name uneditable

pages/docs/extensions/sidebar.mdx, after:

---
layout: "ExtensionPageLayout"
description: "Various enhancements to the Roam native sidebar!"
loom: 1466fc5a977347929da556e2f956e4e8
contributors: Jon Surrat 💵, Owen Cyrulnik 💵
---

The RoamJS sidebar extension introduces a bunch of features to the native right sidebar.

### Expand/Collapse All

An icon will be rendered on the top left of the sidebar. Toggling it on and off will expand and collapse all of the windows in the right sidebar.

### Save Sidebar

The second icon on the top left of the sidebar will allow you to save the current sidebar configuration. Give the configuration an easy to remember label for later. To load a saved sidebar, open the Roam Command Palette and click "Load Saved Sidebar". Pick the sidebar you want to load based on label and it will appear on the right sidebar! You also have the option to save your current page state which includes the name of the page and the currently focused block.

You may view your saved sidebars and even remove ones you are no longer using on the `saved` tab in the `roam/js/sidebar` page.

### Autofocus

Whenever you open the right sidebar, your cursor will autofocus on the first block. This behavior is toggleable from the `roam/js/sidebar` page.

### Pinned open

If your sidebar was open during your last Roam session, it will automatically open on load/reload.

### Saved Filters

Roam natively supports includes/removes filters on pages. Those filters are not saved however when you add the page to the sidebar. Opening a page in the sidebar will persist the filters from the page.
