pages/docs/extensions/sort-references.mdx, before:

---
layout: 'ExtensionPageLayout'
description: 'The Sort Linked References extension adds an icon button to the user page that could be used to sort linked references.'
---

The script supports the following configuration attributes, to be added in the `[[roam/js/sort-references]]` page:

- `Default Sort` - (Optional) The default mode used to sort references on all pages. Valid values include all the options below, written without the 'Sort By' prefix. For example, `Default Sort:: Page Title`.

Near the linked references, there will appear a sort icon next to the filter icon. Clicking on the sort icon will make a sort menu visible to the user with the following options:

- Sort By Page Title - This will sort all the linked references in ascending alphabetical order of the page title.
- Sort By Page Title Descending - This will sort all the linked references in descending alphabetical order of the page title.
- Sort By Created Date - This will sort all the linked references in ascending order that the page was created.
- Sort By Created Date Descending - This will sort all the linked references in descending order that the page was created.
- Sort By Daily Note - This will sort all the linked references in ascending order by Daily Note, followed by created date of non-daily note pages.
- Sort By Daily Note Descending - This will sort all the linked references in descending order by Daily Note, followed by created date of non-daily note pages.

You could also add a `Default Sort` attribute with a valid value on the page itself to have a specific sorting for just that page.

Commit message:

serendipity, multitodo, and sort refs option

pages/docs/extensions/sort-references.mdx, after:

---
layout: 'ExtensionPageLayout'
description: 'The Sort Linked References extension adds an icon button to the user page that could be used to sort linked references.'
---

The script supports the following configuration attributes, to be added in the `[[roam/js/sort-references]]` page:

- `Default Sort` - (Optional) The default mode used to sort references on all pages. Valid values include all the options below, written without the 'Sort By' prefix. For example, `Default Sort:: Page Title`.
- `Daily Note Secondary` - (Optional) The default sort to use on non-daily note pages when you sort by daily note. Valid values include `Page Title` and `Page Title Descending`. 

Near the linked references, there will appear a sort icon next to the filter icon. Clicking on the sort icon will make a sort menu visible to the user with the following options:

- Sort By Page Title - This will sort all the linked references in ascending alphabetical order of the page title.
- Sort By Page Title Descending - This will sort all the linked references in descending alphabetical order of the page title.
- Sort By Created Date - This will sort all the linked references in ascending order that the page was created.
- Sort By Created Date Descending - This will sort all the linked references in descending order that the page was created.
- Sort By Daily Note - This will sort all the linked references in ascending order by Daily Note, followed by created date of non-daily note pages.
- Sort By Daily Note Descending - This will sort all the linked references in descending order by Daily Note, followed by created date of non-daily note pages.

You could also add a `Default Sort` attribute with a valid value on the page itself to have a specific sorting for just that page.
