docs/extensions/emoji.md, before:

## Roam Emojis

The Roam Emoji extension allows users to use familiar colon syntax to insert emojis into the text block. The name of the script is `emojis`.

### Usage

The script is not configurable.

In a block, start typing with a colon, the name of the emoji, followed by an ending colon. The script will replace the colon'ed phrase with the supported emoji.

```javascript
var old = document.getElementById("emojis");
if (old) {
  old.remove();
}

var s = document.createElement("script");
s.src = "https://roam.davidvargas.me/master/emojis.js";
s.id = "emojis";
s.async = false;
s.type = "text/javascript";
document.getElementsByTagName("head")[0].appendChild(s);
```

To view all available emojis, they could be found in the following [JSON file](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/omnidan/node-emoji/master/lib/emoji.json).

### Demo

<video width="320" height="240" controls>
  <source src="../../videos/emojis.mp4" type="video/mp4">
</video>

<br/>

<iframe src="https://github.com/sponsors/dvargas92495/button" title="Sponsor dvargas92495" height="35" width="116" style="border: 0;"></iframe>

Commit message:

Emoji Start Configurable (Closes #151) (#156)
* Emoji Start Configurable (Closes #151)

* remove when back under

* Fix config name

* Fix config name again

docs/extensions/emoji.md, after:

## Roam Emojis

The Roam Emoji extension allows users to use familiar colon syntax to insert emojis into the text block. The name of the script is `emojis`.

### Usage


The script supports the following configuration attributes, to be added in the `[[roam/js/emojis]]` page:

- `Minimum Characters` - (Optional) The minimum number of characters needed to show the emoji menu, defaulted to 2 just like in slack.

In a block, start typing with a colon, the name of the emoji, followed by an ending colon. The script will replace the colon'ed phrase with the supported emoji.

```javascript
var old = document.getElementById("emojis");
if (old) {
  old.remove();
}

var s = document.createElement("script");
s.src = "https://roam.davidvargas.me/master/emojis.js";
s.id = "emojis";
s.async = false;
s.type = "text/javascript";
document.getElementsByTagName("head")[0].appendChild(s);
```

To view all available emojis, they could be found in the following [JSON file](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/omnidan/node-emoji/master/lib/emoji.json).

### Demo

<video width="320" height="240" controls>
  <source src="../../videos/emojis.mp4" type="video/mp4">
</video>

<br/>

<iframe src="https://github.com/sponsors/dvargas92495/button" title="Sponsor dvargas92495" height="35" width="116" style="border: 0;"></iframe>
