docs/extensions/image-tagging.md, before:

## Image Tagging

The Image Tagging extension extracts the text from an image and outputs it into Roam!

## Usage

This script is not configurable.

Double click on an image in your database. The extension will use an OCR library to extract all the text found in an image. In the meantime, it will insert a "Loading..." text as a child block. Once the extension finishes, it will replace the Loading text with all the new text it parsed from the image.

## Installation

Insert this as a child of any `[[roam/js]]` block to install the extension.

```javascript
var old = document.getElementById("image-tagging");
if (old) {
  old.remove();
}

var s = document.createElement("script");
s.src = "https://roam.davidvargas.me/master/image-tagging.js";
s.id = "image-tagging";
s.async = false;
s.type = "text/javascript";
document.getElementsByTagName("head")[0].appendChild(s);
```

## Demo

<video width="320" height="240" controls>
  <source src="../../videos/image-tagging.mp4" type="video/mp4">
</video>

<br/>

<iframe src="https://github.com/sponsors/dvargas92495/button" title="Sponsor dvargas92495" height="35" width="116" style="border: 0;"></iframe>

Commit message:

Configuring trigger for images (#155)
* Configuring trigger for images

* docs and fix

docs/extensions/image-tagging.md, after:

## Image Tagging

The Image Tagging extension extracts the text from an image and outputs it into Roam!

## Usage

The script supports the following configuration attributes, to be added in the `[[roam/js/image-tagging]]` page:

- `Trigger` - (Optional) The action to do on an image to extract a text. Valid values include `DOUBLE CLICK` and `SHIFT CLICK`. By default, it uses `DOUBLE CLICK`.

Double click on an image in your database. The extension will use an OCR library to extract all the text found in an image. In the meantime, it will insert a "Loading..." text as a child block. Once the extension finishes, it will replace the Loading text with all the new text it parsed from the image.

## Installation

Insert this as a child of any `[[roam/js]]` block to install the extension.

```javascript
var old = document.getElementById("image-tagging");
if (old) {
  old.remove();
}

var s = document.createElement("script");
s.src = "https://roam.davidvargas.me/master/image-tagging.js";
s.id = "image-tagging";
s.async = false;
s.type = "text/javascript";
document.getElementsByTagName("head")[0].appendChild(s);
```

## Demo

<video width="320" height="240" controls>
  <source src="../../videos/image-tagging.mp4" type="video/mp4">
</video>

<br/>

<iframe src="https://github.com/sponsors/dvargas92495/button" title="Sponsor dvargas92495" height="35" width="116" style="border: 0;"></iframe>
